content/about_myself.md, before:

# About Myself

My name is Daniel Andrus. I play video games, write code,
write blog posts, and start fun side projects. Sometimes I even
finish the side projects. I also work as a full-time software
developer on the side.

I grew up in Southern California and earned my high
school degree in 2009. In 2010, I moved from Los Angeles to a
little town called Spearfish, South Dakota. There, I attended
college at Black Hills State University for two years while
outside of classes I became interested in programming. In
2012, I transferred to South Dakota School of Mines and
Technology where I plan to graduate with a bachelor's degree
of computer science in May, 2016.

Today, I am a college senior with only one semester remaining
until I complete my degree. I live in Rapid City, South
Dakota and work for 7400 Circuits, a small circuit board company.
In addition to being present on the typical social networks, I
occasionally produce videos for a YouTube gaming channel and run
a public video game server. More information on my current and
past endeavors can be found on the Portfolio page of my website.

Commit message:

Generic site update
* Updated home page text
- removed unnecessary zip files

content/about_myself.md, after:

# About Myself

My name is Daniel Andrus. I play video games, write code,
write blog posts, and start fun side projects. Sometimes I even
finish the side projects. I also work as a full-time software
engineer on the side.

I grew up in Southern California and earned my high
school degree in 2009. In 2010, I moved from Los Angeles to a
little town called Spearfish, South Dakota. There, I attended
college at Black Hills State University for two years while
outside of classes I became interested in programming. In
2012, I transferred to South Dakota School of Mines and
Technology where I graduated with a bachelor's degree in computer
science in May, 2016.

Today, I am living back in California, in the lovely San
Francisco Bay area where I work as a software engineer for
YouTube. By day I work hard to make the Android YouTube app
better for everyone. By night, I play Magic the Gathering and
watch Rick and Morty.

As I continue to develop my career, my passion for programming
and video games has not gone away. I am in the process of designing
and building my own PC on which I can write code and play video
games to my heart's content.
